c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\bin\Debug\병원DB.exe.config
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\bin\Debug\병원DB.exe
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\bin\Debug\병원DB.pdb
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form1.resources
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form2.resources
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form3.resources
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form4.resources
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.exe
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.pdb
c:\users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form5.resources
C:\Users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\diat\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form7.resources
C:\Users\diat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.게시판.resources
C:\Users\diat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form8.resources
C:\Users\diat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form9.resources
C:\Users\diat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form10.resources
C:\Users\diat\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.Form11.resources
C:\Users\diat\Desktop\병원DB\병원DB\bin\Debug\병원DB.exe.config
C:\Users\diat\Desktop\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\diat\Desktop\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\diat\Desktop\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\diat\Desktop\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.exe
C:\Users\diat\Desktop\병원DB\병원DB\obj\Debug\병원DB.pdb
